README.md, before:

# Butterfly

<p align="left">
<img src="images/butterfly.png" width="300" height="300">
</p>

Butterfly is a cryptographic ransomware with the following features

- Hybrid Encryption (RSA Asymmetric/AES Symmetric Encryption) :heavy_check_mark:
- Offline Encryption :heavy_check_mark:
- Supports multiple Operating Systems (Linux :heavy_check_mark:, Windows :x:, MacOS :x:)
- Supports over 300 File Extensions :heavy_check_mark:
- Webserver [bflyServerApp](https://github.com/bierschi/butterfly/tree/master/webserver) for a secure remote decryption :heavy_check_mark:
- Ransom Visualization with Browser :heavy_check_mark: GUI :x: Wallpaper :x:
- Connection to the TOR Network :x:
- Bitcoin Payments :x:

## Dependencies

Install openssl and boost filesystem libraries
<pre><code>
sudo apt-get install -y libssl-dev libboost-filesystem-dev
</code></pre>

If you enable the logging definition with cmake you also need to install the boost logging library
<pre><code>
sudo apt-get install -y libboost-log-dev
</code></pre>

## Build Butterfly

Build butterfly
<pre><code>
git clone https://github.com/bierschi/butterfly.git
cd butterfly
mkdir build && cd build
cmake ../
(cmake ../ -DUNITTESTS=ON -DLOGGING=ON)
make
</code></pre>

CMake Arguments 
<pre><code>
-DUNITTESTS=ON   # Enables the Unit Tests
-DLOGGING=ON     # Enables the boost logging framework
</code></pre>

## Usage and Examples

Print the available arguments for butterfly
<pre><code>
./butterfly --help
</code></pre>

<pre><code>
butterfly is a cryptographic ransomware

Usage: 
	butterfly --dir /home/butterfly/data/
	butterfly --dir /home/butterfly/data/ --protected

	butterfly --encrypt /home/butterfly/data/ 
	butterfly --decrypt /home/butterfly/data/ 

	butterfly --decrypt /home/butterfly/data/ --key /home/butterfly/butterfly/masterkeys/SPrivateRSA.pem

Options:
	-d,   --dir         Directory Path to start the Hybrid Encryption Mechanism (Encryption+Decryption)
	-enc, --encrypt	    Encrypts all files in provided directory
	-dec, --decrypt	    Decrypts all files in provided directory, if the request to the Server was successful
	-k,   --key         Masterkey for the Decryption (Corresponds to the embedded Server Public Key)
	-p,   --protected   Save all key files to the System
	-c,   --config	    Logger Config Path
	-v,   --version	    Show version information and quit
	-h,   --help	    Show this message and quit

butterfly homepage at: https://github.com/bierschi/butterfly
</code></pre>

Test the full functionalities of `butterfly`
<pre><code>
# Run the bflyServerApp for remote decryption
bflyServerApp --host 127.0.0.1 --port 8080 --key ../masterkeys/SPrivateRSA.pem

# Start the butterfly binary
./butterfly --dir /home/butterfly/data/
</code></pre>

Test the encryption + decryption mechanism separately (+ with remote decryption)
<pre><code>
# Run the bflyServerApp for remote decryption
bflyServerApp --host 127.0.0.1 --port 8080 --key ../masterkeys/SPrivateRSA.pem


# Start only the encryption
./butterfly --encrypt /home/butterfly/data

# Start only the decryption
./butterfly --decrypt /home/butterfly/data
</code></pre>

## Unit Tests

Install GTest
<pre><code>
sudo apt-get install libgtest-dev
cd /usr/src/gtest
sudo cmake CMakeLists.txt
sudo make

#copy or symlink libgtest.a and libgtest_main.a to your /usr/lib folder
sudo cp *.a /usr/lib
</code></pre>

Test the `butterfly` units
<pre><code>
./butterflyUnitTests
</code></pre>

## Changelog
All changes and versioning information can be found in the [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/bierschi/butterfly/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)

## License
Copyright (c) 2021 Bierschneider Christian. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/bierschi/butterfly/blob/master/LICENSE)
for details

Commit message:

Added disclaimer to readme and updated the html encryption page

README.md, after:

# Butterfly

<p align="left">
<img src="images/butterfly.png" width="300" height="300">
</p>

Butterfly is a cryptographic ransomware with the following features

- Hybrid Encryption (RSA Asymmetric/AES Symmetric Encryption) :heavy_check_mark:
- Offline Encryption :heavy_check_mark:
- Supports multiple Operating Systems (Linux :heavy_check_mark:, Windows :x:, MacOS :x:)
- Supports over 300 File Extensions :heavy_check_mark:
- Webserver [bflyServerApp](https://github.com/bierschi/butterfly/tree/master/webserver) for a secure remote decryption :heavy_check_mark:
- Ransom Visualization with Browser :heavy_check_mark: GUI :x: Wallpaper :x:
- Connection to the TOR Network :x:
- Bitcoin Payments :x:

## Disclaimer

Butterfly is a full-featured cryptographic ransomware application that irrevocably encrypts your data. The main reason
for the butterfly development was the knowledge transfer and some security aspects. <br>

**Butterfly was not supposed to harm or threat other computers**

## Dependencies

Install openssl and boost filesystem libraries
<pre><code>
sudo apt-get install -y libssl-dev libboost-filesystem-dev
</code></pre>

If you enable the logging definition with cmake you also need to install the boost logging library
<pre><code>
sudo apt-get install -y libboost-log-dev
</code></pre>

## Build Butterfly

Build butterfly
<pre><code>
git clone https://github.com/bierschi/butterfly.git
cd butterfly
mkdir build && cd build
cmake ../
(cmake ../ -DUNITTESTS=ON -DLOGGING=ON)
make
</code></pre>

CMake Arguments 
<pre><code>
-DUNITTESTS=ON   # Enables the Unit Tests
-DLOGGING=ON     # Enables the boost logging framework
</code></pre>

## Usage and Examples

Print the available arguments for butterfly
<pre><code>
./butterfly --help
</code></pre>

<pre><code>
butterfly is a cryptographic ransomware

Usage: 
	butterfly --dir /home/butterfly/data/
	butterfly --dir /home/butterfly/data/ --protected

	butterfly --encrypt /home/butterfly/data/ 
	butterfly --decrypt /home/butterfly/data/ 

	butterfly --decrypt /home/butterfly/data/ --key /home/butterfly/butterfly/masterkeys/SPrivateRSA.pem

Options:
	-d,   --dir         Directory Path to start the Hybrid Encryption Mechanism (Encryption+Decryption)
	-enc, --encrypt	    Encrypts all files in provided directory
	-dec, --decrypt	    Decrypts all files in provided directory, if the request to the Server was successful
	-k,   --key         Masterkey for the Decryption (Corresponds to the embedded Server Public Key)
	-p,   --protected   Save all key files to the System
	-c,   --config	    Logger Config Path
	-v,   --version	    Show version information and quit
	-h,   --help	    Show this message and quit

butterfly homepage at: https://github.com/bierschi/butterfly
</code></pre>

Test the full functionalities of `butterfly`
<pre><code>
# Run the bflyServerApp for remote decryption
bflyServerApp --host 127.0.0.1 --port 8080 --key ../masterkeys/SPrivateRSA.pem

# Start the butterfly binary
./butterfly --dir /home/butterfly/data/
</code></pre>

Test the encryption + decryption mechanism separately (+ with remote decryption)
<pre><code>
# Run the bflyServerApp for remote decryption
bflyServerApp --host 127.0.0.1 --port 8080 --key ../masterkeys/SPrivateRSA.pem


# Start only the encryption
./butterfly --encrypt /home/butterfly/data

# Start only the decryption
./butterfly --decrypt /home/butterfly/data
</code></pre>

## Unit Tests

Install GTest
<pre><code>
sudo apt-get install libgtest-dev
cd /usr/src/gtest
sudo cmake CMakeLists.txt
sudo make

#copy or symlink libgtest.a and libgtest_main.a to your /usr/lib folder
sudo cp *.a /usr/lib
</code></pre>

Test the `butterfly` units
<pre><code>
./butterflyUnitTests
</code></pre>

## Changelog
All changes and versioning information can be found in the [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/bierschi/butterfly/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)

## License
Copyright (c) 2021 Bierschneider Christian. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/bierschi/butterfly/blob/master/LICENSE)
for details
